DOCS-5104 full text search (#57)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/to-find-info.adoc

== Exchange Search

> Exchange Search looks for terms in asset names, tags, categories, properties defined in API specifications, custom attributes (also known as custom fields), and the portal content shown on the asset page. Search includes RAML and OAS APIs and all other assets in Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exchange Search looks for terms in:

- asset name
- tags
- categories
- custom attributes (also known as custom fields)
- the content of the asset portal pages
- for RAML and OAS APIs: properties defined in the API specification <insert link to "Searching API Specifications">
```

Author: Updated. Thank you!

== Exchange Search

Exchange Search looks for terms in asset names, tags, categories, properties defined in API specifications, custom attributes (also known as custom fields), and the portal content shown on the asset page. Search includes RAML and OAS APIs and all other assets in Exchange.

> Assets migrated from Exchange 1 also allow the search to include text in an asset's description.

Reviewer 2: @LucasLudueno Is this still valid☝️?

Author: Seconding this question. The current doc at https://docs.mulesoft.com/exchange/to-find-info says "Assets migrated from Exchange 1 also allow the search to include text in an asset’s description." Is this correct?

Reviewer 3: This last note for Exchange 1 assets is not valid anymore since those contents are also in the portal and that's what's being indexed now (and is described in the previous paragraph)

Author: Thank you! I removed this sentence.

You can combine search terms with the filters listed in All Types.

You can also search by clicking Category or Tag elements. This creates a filtered search you can use to find similar assets.

> Searches only apply to the Exchange you are viewing.

Reviewer 2: What does this mean?

Reviewer 4: Maybe could say, "Searches only apply to the Exchange business group your are viewing." ??

Author: This was part of the discussion and edit below.

> If you search in a private Exchange, the search only lists the private Exchange assets and not public Exchange assets.

Reviewer 2: private Exchange assets and ~~not~~ public Exchange assets? @wwarner-salesforce

Author: The current doc at https://docs.mulesoft.com/exchange/to-find-info says "Searches only apply to the Exchange you are viewing. If you search in a private Exchange, the search only lists the private Exchange assets and not public Exchange assets." Is this correct? It might have been an incorrect document, or one that was correct for a past version and is incorrect for the current version.

Reviewer: when you search on private Exchange you get results that could be also included in the public portal, so that statement is incorrect (at least the way I interpret it).

Reviewer 3: This is ok

Reviewer 3: I'd change that part in what you propose, @wwarner-salesforce "the search only lists the private Exchange assets and not public Exchange assets" for something like "the search only lists the private Exchange assets and not Mulesoft's public assets". Since you are getting the public assets of YOUR organization in this search

Author: Thank you very much! Confirmed with Mariano: "Searches only apply to the Exchange organization you are viewing. If you search in a private Exchange organization, the search only lists that organization's assets and not MuleSoft's public assets."

> If a search matches some versions of an asset and not other versions of the asset, then it returns the asset's latest matching version, even if that is not the asset's latest version.

Reviewer 2: This is kind of confusing. @LucasLudueno @mcampo What do you guys think?

Author: Would this be better? "A search can match some versions of an asset and not others. In this case Exchange returns the latest version that matches the search. This may not be the latest version."

Reviewer: This is not true **yet**. We still need to change the listings page to make asset cards navigate to a specific version. Let's remove this sentence.

Reviewer 3: I like that last phrasing better

Author: Removed.

== Exchange Search

Exchange Search looks for terms in:

> * each asset's name

Reviewer 4: Please init cap items in a bullet list

Author: Thank you! Fixed.
